README.md, before:

# nsfplayer-wasm
Play a single NSF/NSFe file track in the browser and loop infinitely.

You can see a demonstration in index.html.

**The audio worklet functionality is non-functional.** It is part of this repository in case anyone wants to make a pull request.

## How to build
Download the source of game-music-emu from its bitbucket repository. Follow the wiki steps to compile, but use emscripten tools. Use this command for cmake:
`emcmake cmake ../ -DUSE_GME_AY=0 -DUSE_GME_GBS=0 -DUSE_GME_GYM=0 -DUSE_GME_HES=0 -DUSE_GME_KSS=0 -DUSE_GME_SAP=0 -DUSE_GME_SPC=0 -DUSE_GME_VGM=0 -DENABLE_UBSAN=OFF -DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=OFF`

If you get errors like "gme_ay_type undefined, gme_gbs_type undefined...", you have to either edit blargg_config.h or the type_list function in gme.cpp.

Then, build the wasm and js with `emcc -O0 -I./game-music-emu/gme ./game-music-emu/build/gme/libgme.a main.c -o nsfplayer-mono-stereo.js -sEXPORTED_RUNTIME_METHODS=ccall,cwrap,getValue`

### Audio Worklet
Build the audio worklet module with `emcc -O3 -I./game-music-emu/gme ./game-music-emu/build/gme/libgme.a main.c -o nsfplayer-audio-worklet-mono.js -sEXPORTED_RUNTIME_METHODS=ccall,cwrap,getValue -s WASM_ASYNC_COMPILATION=0 -s SINGLE_FILE --post-js nsfplayer-audio-worklet-main.js`

Commit message:

State that the app currently requires NSFe files

README.md, after:

# nsfplayer-wasm
Play a single NSF/NSFe file track in the browser and loop infinitely. (Currently, the app relies on NSFe's length property to work)

You can see a demonstration in index.html.

**The audio worklet functionality is non-functional.** It is part of this repository in case anyone wants to make a pull request.

## How to build
Download the source of game-music-emu from its bitbucket repository. Follow the wiki steps to compile, but use emscripten tools. Use this command for cmake:
`emcmake cmake ../ -DUSE_GME_AY=0 -DUSE_GME_GBS=0 -DUSE_GME_GYM=0 -DUSE_GME_HES=0 -DUSE_GME_KSS=0 -DUSE_GME_SAP=0 -DUSE_GME_SPC=0 -DUSE_GME_VGM=0 -DENABLE_UBSAN=OFF -DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=OFF`

If you get errors like "gme_ay_type undefined, gme_gbs_type undefined...", you have to either edit blargg_config.h or the type_list function in gme.cpp.

Then, build the wasm and js with `emcc -O0 -I./game-music-emu/gme ./game-music-emu/build/gme/libgme.a main.c -o nsfplayer-mono-stereo.js -sEXPORTED_RUNTIME_METHODS=ccall,cwrap,getValue`

### Audio Worklet
Build the audio worklet module with `emcc -O3 -I./game-music-emu/gme ./game-music-emu/build/gme/libgme.a main.c -o nsfplayer-audio-worklet-mono.js -sEXPORTED_RUNTIME_METHODS=ccall,cwrap,getValue -s WASM_ASYNC_COMPILATION=0 -s SINGLE_FILE --post-js nsfplayer-audio-worklet-main.js`
